I swear I was more happy with my
hair before that big self
it's not bad does not change
and then boy, it's okay, this is channel 2
on your automotive modification channel
here on the internet here youtube but the
video was what I did recorded in
curitiba
in the event held the jumping team
top car robbery down to the low car
the event held by girls that was
of grandeur in a big event
no confusion event full of joy
packed with freebies because
exhibitors each a toast
so the crowd was excited to
receiving wheels suspension was very good
It was very cool.
It's good to really see the ladybug.
invading in this space that has always been
male and always had another brunette
now it is but tran in weight and this is
very good but a legal interview ends
in the video you already saw what it's like to be the car
interviewed some pretty cool pictures
also of the event
do not forget to enjoy the page only
low back
the channel page 2 m here you too
You can follow the comic books there do not forget
to enjoy this video of that
shared subscribe to the channel case
Jesus wrote to us that everything is always you.
understood how to play such
what's up guys?
I want to say here straight from the high heels
low
the event organized by nifty girls
have seen such an event here in
There's a guy as big as this.
it is difficult to find the business to shake the
use next step a seat and a car
who drew attention to this event
sdss sss americana is american review
direct from brazil to the world
It's cool, my body, how tall is it?
and this is a neighborhood a woman here
here the staff follows a lot of style
European Union seeks inspiration in
Europe
Ok it's cars and aquino and that's yours.
in which case we sought inspiration from the
gore american drugs to ride a car
hydroxide pump 0,0 chassis paralamas
all internal floor
whole car trimmed so that to get to
a situation that is coming to this
zero result very cool air suspension
20 inch wheel shape 20
inches also does not speak Portuguese
in the double gringa this wheel also follows
a trend since many routes low
rider as she seeks inspiration in the
rider
but adapted to the ring 20 and zas
car inside the hardware is smaller
for the 13 to 14 15 is that we put
at 20 it was very cool
who cries can drive the car
Related searches
curitiba
congratulations on the vote does not work
that contained does not forget the events
bus organized here by
girls one more video for you big
cost is nóis in Brazil the crowd action
put black hodgson everyone bruninho
thanks
right green in the eyes